# Jensen2DLevel

This was an experimental 2D game level using the Unity 2D Game Kit. I mostly focused on playing around with the acid and enemy prefabs. I tried to follow the iteration technique to build and expand upon both the enemies and the acid in order to create new and unique challeges. The level builds up with new versions of the same concepts. My goal was to create an understanding of the acid pits and enemies, and then change their perception and their interaction by adding new features such as a pushable blocks

## Player Feedback

The biggest issue with playtesting was the lag. Unity and Zoom do not pair well together, which was a prominent issue during testing.  The player got stuck a few times trying to jump over the acid. These jumps were built to require a little bit of finesse, but with the lag it became nearly impossible. However, they mentioned they enjoyed the difficult jumps and having to keep an eye on the enemies to make sure they didn't get pushed in after making a safe landing. When I built the level I was worried the player might not understand the purpose of the pushable box, but was relieved to see that they instantly understood it was a safe way to make the acid jump. I also noted that it would have been useful to add a checkpoint at the door to the next "area". Every time the player dies they are reset to the start and have to run through and empty (enemy-less) world to reach the same point again. A checkpoint would remove some of the redundancy. 